and translate the sentences containing it:

accommodate smth. to_пристосовувати; to adapt, adjust, change a plan so that it fits with smth. else, e.g. I will accommodate my plans to yours.

apply_1 .застосовувати, 2.звертатись до, подати заяву- l.to use, utilize,
make practical use of , 2.to request, e.g. Doing the research, one should apply
theoretical knowledge to practice. Has he applied for this job?
application_1.застосування, 2.заява; 1 .making practical use of, 2.formal
request, e.g. Тіге application of harmful production technologies should be
banned. Your application has not been considered yet.

apprenticeship_учнівство, навчання професії; time of being an apprentice, e.g. Craftsmen learned their skills through apprenticeship.
apprentice_учень; a person learning a craft, e.g. The apprentice is as skilled as the master.

be based on_базуватися_use as a basis for, e.g. Scientific discoveries are
usually based on thorough investigation.

be concerned with_мати справу з, бути пов’язаним з; have relation to, be
busy with, e.g. This work is concerned with various kinds of computing machines.

craftsman_майстер, ремісник; a person skilled in a craft; handy man,
e.g. A successful engineer should be both a craftsman and a scientist.

create_творити, створювати; bring into existence; make smth. new or original,
e.g. This department has created favourable conditions for experimental work.
creative_творчий; having power to create, e.g. An engineer must possess
creative and imaginative nature.

customer_клієнт, покупець; a shop’s or firm’s customers are the people who
buy its goods, e.g. They install the equipment on the customer's premises.

current_струм; flow of electricity, e.g. The current is cut off.
current (adj.)_сучасний, поточний; belonging to the present time;
contemporary, latest, up-to-date, e.g. You should make a report on your current
research work.
deal with_мати справу, стосуватися, справлятися; take action about; be
about or concerned with; do business with, e.g. That man is easy to deal with.
